Robert Hammond: All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's been a while since we last met
Robert Hammond: Dealing with grip a crap.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long ago was that
Robert Hammond: It's a couple days for like three days. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A
Robert Hammond: Little bit, but it's a lot better.
Robert Hammond: And it'll give me anything container at
Robert Hammond: My own yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Otherwise,
Robert Hammond: Man. All right.
Robert Hammond: Does anyone in there and having a love
Robert Hammond: I guess economic problems.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said that earlier you were doing some
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like side jobs and things
That nature.
Right.
Robert Hammond: Up doing that I've been having to work over here on the house.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: I kind of put me behind. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We met mentioned one of the goals that you want to work on was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, communication and see how to navigate that. And I know that this this to produce some invited for you mentioned having to speak and engage so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think that will benefit from doing 30 minute session because then you can just be very intentional and focus on those 30 minutes committing to like group dialogue and just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really conversations that are intent and purposeful.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would that be okay for you. Would that be a good service or 30 minutes as opposed to the traditional way five 145 minutes or an hour. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: That'll work. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you think that would help you feel more comfortable with opening up and not feeling like you have to kind of search begins to talk about four hours.
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hurry, so. All right, so we're going to get into it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want to actually share a video with you. I thought when I saw this. I've been working with helping patients to identify
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The need for healthy relationships. So being able to identify the relationships that are healthy and fulfilling and the ones that aren't healthy
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I don't know what your relationships look like because, you know, you kind of share that yourself busy, but in the event non to develop relationships with their
Work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the girlfriend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the spouse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anymore relationship, it's important to be able to identify ways to negotiate conflict when there's an issue, the ways to identify boundary and also identify
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The unspoken rules and pain mindful attention to them. But what I did at the beginning when I mentioned I recognize that showing up takes a lot for you to come to an individual session one on one, and it just made me and you know you shared with me that it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Creates an invite for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you really don't know what to talk about so and me wanting to develop this relationship so that you don't be uncomfortable. I had a month mindful attention.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And recognize that it could just maybe just 30 minutes. So those are some of the things that's just a little example of mindful attention.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you pay attention to different body language and what people say and relationships and try to find a way to find a healthy down. So, that was me trying to find a healthy balance of at this day critic relationship. Okay, so in this deal. It's also going to address.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some additional tips on how to identify
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How to work in a relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm actually going to hold off my camera and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Watch it, and then we'll talk about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My name is Eli Goldstein, I'm creator of a course and mindful living and today I'm going to give you three simple ways to strengthen relationships. Okay, so the first way and maybe the most obvious one. Be kind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One more kind to others, it sends the signal to them that they're cared about their
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's a sense of feeling understood sense of being safe and when this happens, there's a greater sense of connection that occurs and connection is the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: epicenter of us feeling well them feeling well and then we can imagine the emotional contagion, and the ripple effects taking place. Okay, number two.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We want to take an inventory of our relationships. Take get a sense of who's nourishing to you. Who's depleting to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See if you can spend more time with the nourishing people make more connect strengthening the bonds.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the nourishing people in a little less time of the depleting people, but let me just say this. If someone's depleting and you can't spend less time with them family members co workers, that kind of thing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See if you can change your relationship to them a little bit. In other words, play with and this might sound strange play with recognizing that there may be some instability with them as well. And if you send them some kind intentions, meaning maybe happy maybe healthy may feel safe.
Maybe balanced. See how that feels internally to relax your shoulders and sending that out. The third thing practice just like me plenty of people around us that we feel different from
DNA research that shows that no matter your gender, ethnicity, or anything like that. We're 99.9% the same
And so see if when there's people around you that you feel disconnected from because you feel that they're different from you. See if you can just say, internally, just like me, just like me.
Just like me and then see what you notice this can happen, enhancing effect of feeling connected. Okay, so those three things. The first thing. Be kind.
The second thing, identify nourishing and depleting relationships, many more time of the nourishing less time with the depleting or changing your relationship to the depleting relationships and your life. Third thing.
Practicing just like me with people you feel disconnected from are different from. Okay, that's it. Practice this play with it. See what you notice be curious and we'll see you again.
Robert Hammond: Just need to get that is something I should do.
Robert Hammond: Something I should try to do so.
Robert Hammond: Like I got so many relationship. The other like basically dog depleting
Robert Hammond: Just like feels like it just wearing me out.
Robert Hammond: Like my personal relationship friggin
Robert Hammond: Friend friend relationship.
Robert Hammond: Is everybody getting like taking something from me basically
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What ways I need to add
Robert Hammond: It's like they're always needing my help for something or something.
Robert Hammond: But I never get anything in return. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: So I make it like a one sided
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are some of those things. It wasn't a good relationship wasn't matching
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What, what would they be able to provide you, what is it that
Robert Hammond: Like even just like a help like yo, like I was having troubles. A affording close to promote you
Robert Hammond: Know, things like that. There were NOBODY COULD EVEN KNOW ME LIKE TWO BUCKS. Just give us enough clothes.
Robert Hammond: You know, and it's like, then few seconds later there, hit me up, you know, asked me for 20 bucks.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And these relationships were they established how long ago.
Robert Hammond: Years.
Robert Hammond: Ago, before I even knew about all this other stuff.
Robert Hammond: So I think that's why it's been going on for longer.
Robert Hammond: Continue to go on to retain. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And like in one of the things that I mentioned at the beginning is the reason why it's important to identify this is because sometimes when you're in a pattern depleting relationships. You're increasing long. It isn't until that you really need help that you realize
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow. This relationship is fine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then I've been there so much time invested that it's almost like how do you get out of it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How do you get out of this depleting relationship. How did you find healthy
Robert Hammond: Right.
Robert Hammond: I went to
Robert Hammond: Keep on going from one bank to another.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and some people, some people have bank pattern.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some, some people that if they tend to be the one that always helps people, they tend to attract
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People that are always in need.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so maybe next time we'll watch the video called the drama triangle because what you see is people that are rescuers is the persecutors and there's the difference
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The victims, they gravitate to the rescue people. They always want someone to help them to rationalize
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Their needs and didn't need money. We need money and the rescuer faithful validated I help you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But really the way to break that Trump that drama triangle is for the rest of the world to be more of a teacher to be a coach and not just let me get you out of this.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe the relationships that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That they're the victim well in the drama triangle and pass
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationship on that you were trying to explain that relationship.
Robert Hammond: Just basically, I know you just described, all that out there. They're always beating something
Robert Hammond: Always constantly hit me up or company asked me what you know what can they get from me.
Robert Hammond: And like every time I freakin tell them you know i mean you do something wrong, you got to pay the consequences. You know, they're not actually having things done to him.
Robert Hammond: Like they live life with no consequence know
Robert Hammond: Let them understand understanding that that she didn't write that you don't really, you know, you got other people that bail you out of it and you know you never learned anything
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: I've been
Robert Hammond: I actually did their, their vehicle, the other day.
Robert Hammond: You know what I was talking about. But the consequences in Baghdad.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What happened with the vehicle you cut out
Robert Hammond: I ended up taking it from
Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was it your vehicle. That's all.
Robert Hammond: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What happened with the vehicle. It got
Robert Hammond: told no, I told it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh you stole it.
Robert Hammond: Right, okay.
From home.
Robert Hammond: By the balls in another
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ok ok took it for me, significant other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the consequence.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: your significant other around right now.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When
Robert Hammond: She
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He's outside. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what are the consequences that you see in that in that relationship.
Robert Hammond: I'll just let her know that you know it's not right. If you want to get there and constant money from me.
Robert Hammond: Individually not going to pay back. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: Then I'm going to end up taking something, you know, if you want to have me do all this stuff for you, then, you know, do something in return.
Robert Hammond: For free.
Robert Hammond: Do you like to play the victim in
Robert Hammond: Blatantly just went out and did something bad for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in the video. They also talked about the nurturing depleting but they also said
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Finding that connection. So being kind and just like me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there any similarities. You see in your significant other, that makes you think, well, she's just like me.
Robert Hammond: Yeah, but it's back when I was a actually using
Robert Hammond: And that's the bad part about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are the similarities. You see,
Robert Hammond: Just the whole
Robert Hammond: Self centeredness and all them like
Robert Hammond: Constantly thinking about yourself, like, you know, whatever you do for you and
Robert Hammond: Not in any regard for anything else.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See also when he said he
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Said, yeah. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: They're still
Robert Hammond: Doing nothing
Robert Hammond: But it makes it really rough
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Areas in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the relationship as far as
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Kind of like Mississippi goes, I do for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then there's barriers when it comes to writing because you have someone that mind you have other things you don't want to be selfish and added and maximum the consequences, where
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You see the consequences, you know, living experiences with the consequences from your actions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Slap him. Imagine there may be some frustration, anger, when you see someone that can just live their life you don't be fake it, the consequences.
That are
Robert Hammond: Right.
Consequences.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: your significant other shared experience.
Robert Hammond: Or even which ran me over.
Wow.
Robert Hammond: I mean, there was nothing nothing done
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: They're just
Robert Hammond: kind of blew my mind.
Robert Hammond: She just got pissed off at me.
Robert Hammond: It was over something that she actually did.
Robert Hammond: He followed me when I was walking down the street.
Robert Hammond: Got behind me and starting to be with the truck. Now the next thing I know, you hit the gas on accident and literally like part the truck on top of me.
Robert Hammond: And then she she just panic. So she left it on top of me. I had a yellow letter from under the drug to get it off continue running the over
Robert Hammond: I didn't think I was injured as it was, but
Robert Hammond: You know, once I realized that
Robert Hammond: All the pains that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm thinking of some natural consequences because last
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Week, the relationship
Robert Hammond: Alright.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds like you're waiting for external outside stuff to be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What yield the consequence. When you're also in a position to use some some natural consequences, you know,
Robert Hammond: Let's just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Fast forward, back to the interpersonal relationships.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And friendships, you know if there's a level of disrespect that just can't be tolerated anymore in the friendship. You know, I'm in marriages when there's certain thousand and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Things that had been compromised in that marriage and want simpler in relationship with Mary
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: wouldn't even be as complicated as marriage that's not saying, okay, you see the relationship, but it's exploring those consequences. And your response in that too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So one of the key skills in personal relationships is having boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And this seems like it's definitely a boundary that should be established.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No violence in our relationship. And we get upset with each other. We bought resort somebody, and if it gets to that point. And we're done.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that goes both ways, you know,
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This video is good for you in the sense that the relationship that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have developed by lots of different skills within the interpersonal contacts that you can utilize
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You've identified that this relationship that is depleting and not
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mindful attention. Pay attention to some of those things, the Bible and what's being said
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when notice it take action.
Robert Hammond: And I noticed that I've been doing that lately. A lot
Robert Hammond: Like noticing when when things are triggering like this tension between
Robert Hammond: Everywhere.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: If he's doing. I gotta get my stuff and go
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where would you go from
Robert Hammond: My bad.
So,
Robert Hammond: I'm just here just helping her with
Robert Hammond: Her stuff for now.
Robert Hammond: Oh gosh, you have to watch that video.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The rescuer in you.
Robert Hammond: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You may not notice that you enable you contribute to the victim all
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So even when she said her response.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I don't even know if you caught it. He said she was so shocked that she hit me. It's like I had to yell for her to get it's like you almost made it seem like she was in so much shock of what she did, but she didn't even know how to help me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whereas if you weren't in the rescuer role, you know, you're responsible have been. I can't believe she did.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This was my last drop
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But even almost the way you described. And you even laugh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because of the way you want it to know how bad it sounded so you love to kind of soften it so she didn't seem as aggressive
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She armed you you were still protecting her and even then you just described in this situation.
Robert Hammond: I think it's more protecting her to do is basically covering up for my my thought that I had
Robert Hammond: My eventual
Robert Hammond: Yeah, until I can get revenge back
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the best thing would be is to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Fill that boundary, because, like we said, what happened in this field is vengeance for the channel. You don't want to get into a position where there's so much animosity so much anger that you do something that, you know,
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What boundaries or contract, you know, rules. You could, could you set up like a member and elementary that was all these different roles and to be in the classroom to not get in trouble if you have rules in your relationship. What rules. Would you say that
Robert Hammond: Right right now with you during then
Robert Hammond: It's just been like a free for all hundred
Robert Hammond: And 30 seconds memory. Tired of
The choice.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of identified it. And so, so that I think could be establishing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We won't. We won't use violence as an option.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Help each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What else could you think of what would you want
Robert Hammond: Is even just somebody actually has been there.
Robert Hammond: From what for everybody.
Robert Hammond: And all my relationship felt
Robert Hammond: Just
Robert Hammond: Wanting somebody to actually
Robert Hammond: Me if I needed to know my River.
Robert Hammond: You know, when unfortunately the, the ones that were there were the ones that when I was drinking and it wasn't, you know, in a totally different mindset. Yeah. So it's like I'm getting back everything I put out
Robert Hammond: You know, so
Robert Hammond: Like I've had some that were there there, you know, they would give me the bottle that I needed or whatever, you know, do whatever they could just tell me through it but
Robert Hammond: You know, and I was just always they're just taking taking taking never giving anything back
Robert Hammond: Now it's just the way
Robert Hammond: Just makes me think, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You think you deserve this type of relationship because of you.
Robert Hammond: Know, I don't think
Robert Hammond: It's good that I guess the year because I can actually
Robert Hammond: Like call things out on it and I could help the person, you know, get them to actually see it.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: Just started work on that for them. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: You
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The rescue, are you thinking about the other people, but think of yourself.
Right.
Robert Hammond: If you had to ask yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would you ask yourself from
Robert Hammond: Me all this stuff. I put myself into.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think of just one rule that you want to establish it can be the ones we talked about the the nobody
You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or it can be something as simple when I feel like this is unhealthy for me and i think that i. This will take me to a different identity that I don't want to be and I will eat.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to create some rules for yourself and respect to yourself and Robert and tried to change yourself into being and then some rules for your relationship with your significant other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And how that commitment. The way you have the commitment to your sobriety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have that commitment to yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Something else that is concerning is not only the violence in relationship and also the fact that she got mad.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That does not sound like a nurturing or supportive safe from your
Robert Hammond: Right.
Robert Hammond: To keep the distance still
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So how are you creating
Robert Hammond: Things that I like staying different different areas. I do my thing because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the point of it, what's the point of even doing
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the point of being a relationship where it's like the way we work best when we're together when not yet. Like, that's, that's an oxymoron work doesn't even go together.
Robert Hammond: Like me. Yeah, I know. I know we could do like a good dinner. Yeah, but at the same time, it's like
Robert Hammond: We just don't
Robert Hammond: Know that we work together that it's everything's good. But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When it when it's good. What does that look like
Robert Hammond: Looks great. You know, everything's
Robert Hammond: Great.
Robert Hammond: Like actually no real religious
Robert Hammond: You know, things are going right, you know, just tell you're on the right path. No, that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: was great. The support is sexy, you know, what is it,
Robert Hammond: All the way around. It's like everything
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So maybe enforcing some boundaries because if you can envision, we have our best case scenarios and you have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you can then identify what to do when it's the worst case scenario, or even in the grave.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is one of the skills you would use in a relationship negotiating that conflict when there's conflict, how we deal with it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you think your relationship is mature enough to have these conversations with
Robert Hammond: Oh, no.
Robert Hammond: Medical Doctor you're like that.
Robert Hammond: Even I got to think
Robert Hammond: About it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's another indicator, you know,
Robert Hammond: Personal skills of what's healthy what's what's not.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So good. So my encouragement for you would be as you continue to have this awareness and I believe the relationship is nourishing and leading the ones that are depleted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Figure out there's any boundaries, you can incorporate
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that maybe you can get nourished.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it can feel like there isn't. And there's a way that you can get out of the relationship and do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But there's hope you feel like it's to do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that you're not compromising yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your principles.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then negotiate that conflict and develop boundaries.
I make sense.
Robert Hammond: I've been. I've been noticing, so it's
Robert Hammond: Going to work.
You have any questions.
Robert Hammond: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wrap up our session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you been going to group continuously
Robert Hammond: I WAS. I MISSED LAST WEEK. My very first one
Robert Hammond: And I was going, I was going to ask you about that because I'm
Robert Hammond: Like remember when you told me before. If I felt forced like I was getting forced into counseling.
Robert Hammond: And I said, I didn't feel like I really was. But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: Now, I know I am getting. Fortunately, do it.
Robert Hammond: I'm not getting my script at all without, without the counseling.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, if you shut the group, you should get the script that you say eating initial group and I haven't seen you in a month. So
Robert Hammond: Maybe we're being
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Forced you weren't being obedient.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You didn't show up in a month. So
Robert Hammond: You, but when I go to groups, even when I go to group that if they don't get the script to like they're they're cutting it.
Robert Hammond: So that's why I need to talk to you today, just in order to get another script.
Robert Hammond: Because I've already been
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What I will let Dr. Allen know that we had a 30 minute session and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: still make a determination. From there, but from what I know of in the group. I mean, in the program. It's group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And or individual
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so he was bridging a script like events, until he showed up for individual, but I can assure you we have shown up for group, you would have gotten some medication.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's just the whole model of the plan. And so to be in his program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We're not just describing Suboxone there has to be some type of therapeutic intervention, be a group or therapy right
Robert Hammond: And that's why is it i mean i'm i'm never missed the group like
Robert Hammond: Even when I wouldn't get it from the other the other
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Person in the email now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He'll send me the script.
Robert Hammond: I wonder
Robert Hammond: If there's any way we can. Like you can like day and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm, I, I'm going to do the bi weekly
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I'm going to be honest. Robert, what we were doing weekly you were showing up sometimes and you work and I missed out on people that I could have been meeting with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A boundary that I had to establish
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that will meet every other week so that I can ensure that I have time for those people. That's really going to show up and I don't have a question if they'll be there.
Robert Hammond: Right. But I mean, good. Give me said like a certain day like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm looking at my calendar. Now, so today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We can do February 25
Robert Hammond: Timer.
Robert Hammond: Yes. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Unless you can do earlier.
Robert Hammond: I guess I could
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Try
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Six o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Alright, so let's do TUESDAY THE 25th at six o'clock.
Robert Hammond: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, I'll see you then. And I'm sending the emails about the element.
Robert Hammond: Okay, cool. All right, then.